Normalization of EOLs in Xbase multi-line strings (#38)
eclipse/xtext-website: xtext-website/_posts/releasenotes/2024-05-28-version-2-35-0.md

## Relevant changes

### Normalization of EOLs in Xbase multi-line strings

In Xbase languages (including Xtend), multi-line strings (that is, strings that span several lines, NOT Xtend template expressions) are now normalized concerning end-of-line characters, following the same strategies of [Normalization Of Line Terminators in Java Text Blocks](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/21/text-blocks/index.html#normalization-of-line-terminators): Windows CR in the DSL textual sources will not be part of the string in the generated Java code, which will only contain Unix LF.
This change leads to the same Java code generated in Windows and Unix-like systems (see issue https://github.com/eclipse/xtext/issues/2293).

This DSL string

```xtend
var s = "a multi
line string"
```

Will always result in the following generated Java code in Windows, Linux, and macOS:

```java
String s = "a multi\nline string";
```

While before, in Windows, it would have been:

```java
String s = "a multi\r\nline string";
```

> Note that this change will leave intact escaped sequences (`\\r`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this the behavior for explicit escape sequences (`\\r`) will remain the same as before..
```
